Document how to set clipboard-write permission (#6156)
hypothesis/client: docs/publishers/embedding.rst

The client will watch for new iframes being added to the document and will
automatically enable annotation for them.

Clipboard permissions when loaded in an iframe
----------------------------------------------

> There is a few places in the sidebar where the user can copy content to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few places in the sidebar where the user can copy content to the
```

clipboard:

* The link, when sharing an annotation.
* The sidebar's version.
* The content, when exporting annotations to any format.

> * Etc.

Reviewer: I think this can be shortened, eg. "There are a few places in the sidebar where the user can copy content to the clipboard, such as exporting or copying links to annotations."

> This is done through the browser's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This functionality uses the browser's
```

`Clipboard API <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Clipboard_API>`_,
which requires allowing the ``clipboard-write`` permission in Chrome (but not
Safari or Firefox).

> When loading the sidebar in the top-level document, this should work out of
> the box, but if you load Hypothesis inside an iframe, remember adding the
> ``allow`` attribute with the right permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When loading the sidebar in the top-level document, this will work automatically
but if you load Hypothesis inside an iframe, you will need to add an ``allow`` attribute with the right permissions.
```

.. code-block:: html

>    <iframe allow="clipboard-write">

Reviewer: I wonder if we should generalize this section to include other permissions that are relevant. The clipboard is the main one, but there is also the `fullscreen` permission for embedded media.

Author: Yeah, I thought about that. Let's merge this one and I'll create an issue to extend this and make it more generic.

Author: Done https://github.com/hypothesis/client/issues/6157

     <!-- Hypothesis is loaded here -->

>    </iframe>

Reviewer: We should say something about what happens if the permissions are unavailable. eg. "If these permissions are not available, the corresponding functionality in Hypothesis will either be unavailable or will fail with an error when used."
